hey guys I'm vlogging
I'm actually attending one of our
meeting a lot of people that I know and
fighting that-a-girl popcorn eva hershey
chorus intrapreneur syrup seer ago she's
visiting London and we're going to meet
with her and have lunch and you know
I'll share updates with her and I also
wanted to ask her a couple questions for
you guys because you asked me how do I
get my startup in the Silicon Valley how
do I get investment from American
investors what do I write to people when
I want a response from them so all of
that I'm going to ask her and please
continue watching this video if you're
interested
purnima Renea is the one who got us into
my friend Sarah she was the one
interviewing me and I was telling her
all about lingual we just started and I
wanted to ask pretty much a couple of
questions today so just tell us first
what you doing now yeah so I love 500
startups at the end of August 2015
because my business which is femme
Junior was starting to take off and
basically if engineer is an education
company and what we do is we provide
online courses in product development
and public speaking because our mission
is to help techies with building
products and companies so that's what we
do so your main customers are startups
right our main customers are engineers
designers product managers but basically
anybody who is interested in technology
wants to build the tech product or work
for a tech company okay so yeah I have a
lot of people who are starting their own
companies watching my channel and they
always ask me like marina how did it
happen so you're from Russia and you got
into the Silicon Valley incubator but I
know there is no exact recipe how to do
it maybe if you give some advice to
people sure well I've actually coached a
number of folks who have been in your
similar situation where they live abroad
and they're trying to figure out how to
come to Silicon Valley and the first
thing I often tell them is no matter
what you need to start working on your
idea you need to build out at least a
prototype and you need to test it even
on your local market or whatever you
believe
your initial test market and that might
be your local market because that shows
anybody whether they are based in
Silicon Valley or somewhere else that
you actually care about what you're
doing and that you are capable of doing
it and then once you've done that what
actually helps is starting to look for
organizations where you are so for
example I remember another entrepreneur
who was based in Uruguay her name was
Agustina she actually didn't have a lot
of opportunities in Uruguay but there
were opportunities in Chile and the
Chilean government had this thing called
startup Chile so after she developed her
prototype and gotten some initial
customers she went to talk to startup
Chile and that was a great mutual
partner for her and then over the course
of being in their accelerator program
she got introduced to five startups so
it's kind of this thing where you have
to meet frog around ileana work exactly
but you'll find that there's a lot of
good regional players that you can start
with and the other reason you want to do
that is because people will travel
around people will come to visit I know
if I hear startups all of the employees
and all the investors are constantly
travelling to different regions and
they're just curious as they're scouting
for talent so they'll always go to a
regional player they won't just like
show up an office one day they'll want
to see who knows who and in your case
for example you know John was in Russia
and he contacted me and
we started talking so it's good to get
some partnerships going locally but
before you decide where you want to go
now even maybe it could give an insect
number traction like anything revenue
that you have before you apply don't
mind if you don't get half an idea and
what they are is right some of the
incubators actually don't mind if you
don't have revenue yet but what they
want to see is you have maybe a
co-founder or some team and you filled
out some of your prototype and you have
a sense of who your initial customer is
and you might know what your pricing
model is going to be so that's really
valuable to just have that information
the other thing I will say is if it's
like slightly larger incubator then they
probably want to see anywhere from you
know five hundred to a thousand USD but
a lot of the bigger ones like that next
yes but a lot of the bigger ones from
like a Y Combinator if I hear startups
are certainly moving to a model where
they want to see even ten thousand USD
monthly so this is recurring revenue and
the other thing that's important is that
it's not just like Oh last month we made
ten thousand USD but you do it over the
course of several months so usually like
three to six months three months is kind
of minimum for them to even interview
you but the more time you can show that
recurring revenue the more likely they
understand that you have a sustainable
business
yeah that's true and I've also heard
like in the last weapon refresh there
were companies that are making millions
and grab it definitely yeah yeah and
also like how do you build Network there
are so many people there you know that
are popular that are very influential in
the shadow of market how do you reach
out to them what do you write in the
email that they read it and get back to
your poster for anything yeah it's it's
very hard I would say like I get a lot
of inquiries and a lot of times if
people are just reaching out to me and
saying like hey I have this idea do you
have time to talk then I'm probably
gonna say no just because I don't know
if they're serious about their idea I
don't want them to like take up a lot of
time from my other students and other
people are mentoring and so I often will
say like hey you know maybe we should
just go read this post or that post but
the ones that really catch my attention
are the ones who tell me where they're
at and they might say hey you know we've
been working on this idea for six to
twelve months we have this much revenue
we are looking to go to this program and
so the more structured they are and
could have the more proof points they
have the more likely I am to respond to
their email the other thing is if they
can get a warm introduction so if they
come in from a friend of mine who's an
investor or even like an engineer or
designer that I'm more likely to spend
at least a half an hour or 15 minutes
talking to them but if they don't have
that warm introduction that it's very
likely that you know I don't really know
who they are and if they're serious
about their idea so I'm less likely to
take the time to
the other thing I will say is events are
also great so going to networking events
and meeting up with the speaker but a
lot of times people get bombarded and
isn't that events so take their contact
info and then tell them you'll contact
them maybe 2 to 3 days later and I've
always been surprised that people don't
take me up on this offer they just take
my business card I never hear from them
again
but there are always like maybe one or
two people who are really gung-ho and
follow up and I'm like wow they actually
followed up I'm going to give them a
time spot because they were serious
enough to do that mm-hmm okay so you
know any draft for a letter that a
start-up could write to you
like maybe two or three sentence yeah so
I think you know if they have taken the
time to maybe watch one of my mem junior
Tweety episodes or they've read the book
or they've seen me speak or something
that shows that they kind of know who I
am and what I'm working on mom so make
it a little bit more personal rather
than like this is what I want but then
but then of course you got to cut to the
chase right you have to say you know
this is what I'm interested in and
instead of like asking because a lot of
people will just say like oh I love for
you to introduce me to this investor and
then you want to take the time to say
okay do you have like a meeting time or
something where I can ask you how to do
this because people aren't just gonna
open up their networks yeah yeah they
want to know that you're serious that
you're credible so make make the email
all about just getting big phone call or
the Skype call man that should be your
goal with that initial with that initial
email and that's it because once you
have that connection and you can build
upon it but I've been
that you're like oh just make this intro
cuz I've been like who is this person
like I'm gonna take notes I don't do it
so I think a lot of you can forget that
that needs to be the focus is just
getting the call or getting the meeting
and then from there you can start to
develop more and you can ask for
something bigger you don't like it
introduction yeah very good thank you so
much for you this was seven very very
important minutes for every startups
because he gave very very good advice
thank you so much yeah and please
subscribe to for new most channels thumb
janilla right yeah right here cool here
thank you guys for watching bye bye